---
layout: post
title: A new blog
description: What is this blog for and who is that alchemist guy.
modified: 2017-05-01
tags: [BLOG, ME]
comments: false
---

Welcome reader! I'm glad you found my new blog. <br>
This blog will be mostly about object oriented programming for mobile solutions. You already develop object oriented? Maybe. Maybe I will proove you wrong and you will learn something. Give me a try.

Even this blog will be about mobile applications, the ideas will also be usable in any other higher language.

<!--break-->

Some words about me, so you may understand better who is writing to you. First of all I'm not a native english speaker. So please forgive me if there are some language issues in my blogposts. Hopefully my intentions and my ideas are understandable.

I develop mobile apps now since 2004, but I found the real object oriented path in the last 6 month. Yes you read it right. Today I would say that the sourcecode I wrote before that time was procedural. And I would also say that 99.9 percentage of the mobile developers still write procedural style. To make it worse most of them think of themselve as object oriented programmers.

The intention of this blog is to show you some alternatives to your current coding style. There will also be some posts for iOS development only, because it's my daily work. The new language Swift is a real good language to demonstrate object oriented coding, most of the examples will be in this language.

So have an open mind and wait for my upcoming blogposts. In the meantime you may follow me on twitter. 

